hey guys it's will retain a strong here
today we're gonna make got some baked
onion rings very similar to my
cauliflower wings that are coated with
flour and water and then dipped into a
bread crumb so we're gonna do basically
the same thing I've got the general rule
is a cup of flour to in a cup of water
one to one ratio so I didn't now put in
a cup of water I mean a cup of flour but
I use the whole wheat organic you can
use quinoa flour all sorts of flowers
you know if you're worried about the
gluten or anything like that so I'm just
gonna mix it in the water I use a whisk
here you want to be fairly thick check
out a pancake yes so I'm just mixing
that and then I'm going to and I've got
a I've got some bread crumbs
now I make my own whole-wheat bread
crumbs I put in some onion garlic powder
you can put in lottery salt if you if
you want the sky's the limit as far as
how you flavor your your breadcrumbs I
use three pieces of bread sometimes I
have extra bread crumbs I'll just put
them in a ziplock and throw them in the
freezer for next time I've got a couple
of yellow onions I'm just gonna slice
these into rings so when you slice one
of the when you slice the onion and you
push through it you'll have a bunch of
rings like this
and then they get smaller and I still
use the ones that are in the middle so
you've got these little ones in the you
know at the very center you can sort of
break them through get these little
wrongs
it's still fun I've got the oven warming
up to 450 so yeah that's pretty much all
ours to it just cut them you know half
inch three-quarter inch whatever you
prefer just push these through get them
all into individual rooms
I still use the smaller parts of the
onion as well okay I've got these rings
here now made up and we're going to dip
them in this this is like a batter flour
and water as I talked about and then
bread them so I just got these tongs
just throw something or you just throw
some in the flour and water mixture just
throw a bunch in there
get those coated up
and then I'll just put them in the flour
mixture and just move them around it's
covering them with some bread crumbs put
them on
I've got these two Silpat sheets show
you those these are the ones I use for
baking fries and all sorts of things the
cauliflower wings just gonna leave
behind a couple trays and take up a fair
amount of room so just bread each one of
these and I'm gonna bake these at 4/5
you know what these ones I'm only gonna
bake them once I know some people were
baking the cauliflower wings they just
bake them once and then dip them in
ranch dip or BBQ sauce that's fine these
ones are just gonna be baked once
they're pretty quick I'll probably try
20 minutes I'll let you know how long it
took it depends on people's ovens and
how much you have in there if you put it
on the upper or lower rack stuff like
that so I just checked on myself that
the breading seems that they're crispy
you don't want to burn obviously so so
yeah I'll just keep doing this and then
now we'll throw them any other I'll show
you that / you guys I got a couple trays
here I'm gonna slap these in the oven so
I'm gonna do 450 and I'm gonna probably
check 15 20 minutes I'll let you know
how long it took
now you just check after and see you
don't just check them and make sure
they're crispy enough so I can't give
everybody exact times but these ones 15
15 or 20 minutes and probably do and
I'll show you guys I'm gonna take them
all in the oven
talk to you later so I had these in they
look really good
I had them in for about 20 minutes or so
I just check when they start to brown a
little bit you can do a taste test if
you want and one of the small ones it's
a really good plane you can taste the
the onion and the coating but you can
also have ketchup you can make your own
you can buy various ketchups and or
whatever sauces you like some people use
a ranch dip or barbecue sauce or
something like that but I like to try I
like to use ketchup so I just thought
I'd show you this yeah and so the
general idea is to you can coat a lot of
things you can do
zucchini you can even do potatoes but so
basically you're coating it with the
flour water mixture and then you're
putting bread crumbs on top and there's
other ways to do it
gluten free there's other flours quinoa
chickpea flour you can coat it in
various things corn flakes
some gluten-free breads and stuff like
that
so yeah hope you guys like this very
similar to the cauliflower wing recipe
and feel free to bread lots of other
things that can make veggies nice and
crispy I've seen people do Albanians as
well if you like a lot you know jalapeno
popper type thing so the crisp the
branding just gives it a crispy texture
and the baking is so much healthier than
the typical french fries and onions that
are deep fried in oil so hope you guys
like that one to talk you later